LightningCLI documentation improvements (#8303)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/lightning_cli.rst

    nano config.yaml
    # Run training using created configuration
    python trainer.py --config config.yaml
    # The config JSON can also be passed directly

>     python trainer.py --config '{trainer: {fast_dev_run: True}}'

Author: Not really discourage. Actually this is still documented where the environment variables are explained.

grouping is also used in the formatting of the help shown previously.

Use of command line arguments
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For every CLI implemented, users are encouraged to learn how run it by reading the documentation printed with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For every CLI implemented, users are encouraged to learn how to run it by reading the documentation printed with the
```

:code:`--help` option and use the :code:`--print_config` option to guide the writing of config files. A few more details
that might not be clear by only reading the help are the following.

> :class:`~pytorch_lightning.utilities.cli.LightningCLI` is based on argparse and as such follows the same arguments style
> as many POSIX command line tools. Long options are prefixed with two dashes and its corresponding values can be given
> separated by a space or an equal sign, as :code:`--option value` or :code:`--option=value`. The same options can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`~pytorch_lightning.utilities.cli.LightningCLI` is based on argparse and as such follows the same arguments style
as many POSIX command line tools. Long options are prefixed with two dashes and its corresponding values should be provided with an empty space or an equal sign, as :code:`--option value` or :code:`--option=value`. The same options can be
```

given multiple times and ones given later (to the right) override the previous ones. If a class has an init parameter

> that is required, it also has to be given as :code:`--option` which makes things explicit and more readable instead of

Author: This relates to a parameter without a default, for example in:

```python
def my_function(
    param1: str,
    param2: str = 'default'
):
    ...
```

`param1` is required. Currently in jsonargparse there are only two possibilities when adding a signature like this as arguments: `as_positional=False` or `as_positional=True`. If configured to be positional then `param1` can only be given as positional, not with its named option. In fire this kind of arguments can be given as positional or optional and surely would be a nice feature to have in jsonargparse. Not sure how difficult it is to implement. Anyway currently this is how it works.

relying on positional arguments.

> When calling a CLI all options can be provided using individual arguments. However, given the large amount of options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling a CLI, all options can be provided using individual arguments. However, given the large amount of options
```

that the CLIs have, it is recommended to use a combination of config files and individual arguments. Therefore, a common
pattern could be a single config file and only a few individual arguments that override defaults or values in the
config, for example:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python trainer.py --config experiment_defaults.yaml --trainer.max_epochs 100

Another common pattern could be having multiple config files, two examples being:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python trainer.py --config config1.yaml --config config2.yaml [...]

>     $ python trainer.py --trainer trainer.yaml --model model.yaml --data data.yaml [...]

Reviewer: Neat !

as many POSIX command line tools. Long options are prefixed with two dashes and its corresponding values should be
provided with an empty space or an equal sign, as :code:`--option value` or :code:`--option=value`. The same options can
be given multiple times and ones given later (to the right) override the previous ones. If a class has an init parameter
that is required, it also has to be given as :code:`--option` which makes things explicit and more readable instead of
relying on positional arguments.

When calling a CLI, all options can be provided using individual arguments. However, given the large amount of options
that the CLIs have, it is recommended to use a combination of config files and individual arguments. Therefore, a common
pattern could be a single config file and only a few individual arguments that override defaults or values in the
config, for example:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python trainer.py --config experiment_defaults.yaml --trainer.max_epochs 100

Another common pattern could be having multiple config files, two examples being:

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ python trainer.py --config config1.yaml --config config2.yaml [...]

Author: If you understood this then I need to rewrite a bit to make it clearer. Both config1 and config2 are picked. All arguments are always parsed in order from left to right. If inside both config1 and config2 there is a common setting, then the one used is the one in config2. But also settings from config1 will be used if not in config2.

>     $ python trainer.py --config config1.yaml --config config2.yaml [...]

Author: Rewrote it. Please check.

>     $ python trainer.py --config config1.yaml --config config2.yaml [...]

Reviewer 2: thanks

    $ python trainer.py --trainer trainer.yaml --model model.yaml --data data.yaml [...]

When running experiments in clusters it could be desired to use a config which needs to be accessed from a remote
location. :class:`~pytorch_lightning.utilities.cli.LightningCLI` comes with `fsspec
<https://filesystem-spec.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ support which allows reading from many types of remote file
systems. One example is if you have installed the `gcsfs <https://gcsfs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ then a config could
be stored in an S3 bucket and accessed as:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python trainer.py --config s3://bucket/config.yaml [...]

In some cases people might what to pass an entire config in an environment variable, which could also be used instead of
a path to a file, for example:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python trainer.py --trainer "$TRAINER_CONFIG" --model "$MODEL_CONFIG" [...]

> An alternative for environment variables could be to instantiate the CLI with :code:`env_parse=True`. In this case the
> the help shows the names of the environment variables for all options. A global config would be given in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An alternative for environment variables could be to instantiate the CLI with :code:`env_parse=True`. In this case the help shows the names of the environment variables for all options. A global config would be given in
```
word repetition

:code:`PL_CONFIG` and there wouldn't be a need to specify any command line argument.

> It is also possible to set a path to a config file of defaults. If the file exists it would be automatically loaded
> without having to specify any command line argument. Arguments given would override the values in the default config
> file. To load a defaults file :code:`my_cli_defaults.yaml` in current working directory would be implemented as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is also possible to set a path to a config file of defaults. If the file exists it would be automatically loaded
without having to specify any command line argument. Arguments given would override the values in the default config
file. Loading a defaults file :code:`my_cli_defaults.yaml` in the current working directory would be implemented as:
```

    store the best hyperparameters for a task after experimentation. To ease reproducibility the source code should be
    stable. It is better practice to store the best hyperparameters for a task in a configuration file independent from
    the source code.

Class type defaults
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The support for classes as type hints allows to try many possibilities with the same CLI. This is a useful feature, but
it can make it tempting to use an instance of a class as a default. For example:

.. testcode::

    class MyMainModel(LightningModule):

        def __init__(
            self,
            backbone: torch.nn.Module = MyModel(encoder_layers=24),  # BAD PRACTICE!
        ):
            super().__init__()
            self.backbone = backbone

Normally classes are mutable as it is in this case. The instance of :code:`MyModel` would be created the moment that the
module that defines :code:`MyMainModel` is first imported. This means that the default of :code:`backbone` will be
initialized before the CLI class runs :code:`seed_everything` making it non-reproducible. Furthermore, if

> :code:`MyMainModel` is used more than once in the same python process and the :code:`backbone` parameter is not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:code:`MyMainModel` is used more than once in the same Python process and the :code:`backbone` parameter is not
```

      class_path: torch.optim.Adam
      init_args:
        lr: 0.01

And the same through command line:

.. code-block:: bash

>     $ python train.py --optimizer.class_path=torch.optim.Adam --optimizer.init_args.lr=0.01

Reviewer 3: Nice!

Reviewer 4: Great!

:code:`class_path` and instantiating it using some positional arguments, in this case :code:`self.parameters()`, and the
:code:`init_args`. Any number of optimizers and learning rate schedulers can be added when using :code:`link_to`.

Notes related to reproducibility
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The topic of reproducibility is complex and it is impossible to guarantee reproducibility by just providing a class that
people can use in unexpected ways. Nevertheless :class:`~pytorch_lightning.utilities.cli.LightningCLI` tries to give a
framework and recommendations to make reproducibility simpler.

When an experiment is run, it is good practice to use a stable version of the source code, either being a released
package or at least a commit of some version controlled repository. For each run of a CLI the config file is
automatically saved including all settings. This is useful to figure out what was done for a particular run without
requiring to look at the source code. If by mistake the exact version of the source code is lost or some defaults
changed, having the full config means that most of the information is preserved.

> The class is targeted at implementing CLIs because running a command from a shell provides a separation with the python

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The class is targeted at implementing CLIs because running a command from a shell provides a separation with the Python
```
